=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::DualLife - Distribute dual-life modules with Dist::Zilla

=head1 VERSION

version 0.05

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your dist.ini:

  [DualLife]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Dual-life modules, which are modules distributed both as part of the perl core
and on CPAN, sometimes need a little special treatment. This module tries
provide that for modules built with C<Dist::Zilla>.

Currently the only thing this module does is providing an C<INSTALLDIRS> option
to C<ExtUtils::MakeMaker>'s C<WriteMakefile> function, so dual-life modules will
be installed in the right section of C<@INC> depending on different versions of
perl.

As more things that need special handling for dual-life modules show up, this
module will try to address them as well.

The options added to your C<Makefile.PL> by this module are roughly equivalent
to:

    'INSTALLDIRS' => ($] >= 5.009005 && $] <= 5.011000 ? 'perl' : 'site'),

(assuming a module that entered core in 5.009005).

    [DualLife]
    entered_core=5.006001

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 entered_core

Indicates when the distribution joined core.  This option is not normally
needed, as L<Module::CoreList> is used to determine this.

=head2 eumm_bundled

Boolean for distributions bundled with ExtUtils::MakeMaker.  Prior to v5.12,
bundled modules might get installed into the core library directory, so
even if they didn't come into core until later, they need to be forced into
core prior to v5.12 so they take precedence.

=for Pod::Coverage setup_installer

=head1 AUTHOR

Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge David Golden

=over 4

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2010 by Florian Ragwitz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
